well let's stay with the Middle East
because the United Nations says more
than
150,000 people have fled can Yunis in
southern Gaza since Monday the Israeli
Army issued an evacuation order for
parts of the city and reduced the size
of al- maazi that's a designated
humanitarian Zone claiming it was being
used by Hamas Fighters the UN Agency for
Palestinian refugees anra said 80% of
the Gaza Strip was now either under an
evacuation order or labeled a nogo Zone
our special correspondent fergal Kean
has this report a warning there are
distress distressing images
throughout so many escaping in such a
small place chased by the war in the
Heat and fear of 24 hours in can yunas
a place of encounters such as these aan
Al kawaji is running with a
child not for a doctor the child is past
that but to a
merury who can accept that their son
will be like that he asks whose fault is
it that their family is blown up
[Applause]
the IDF is back fighting in can yunas
because Hamas is resurgent
here Urban War where nowhere is
safe to the south in Rafa Hamas
attacking Israeli
armor hit and run from inside
houses the days of War are now in their
hundreds and each day in can yunas a
breaking point for someone
the shattered hospital system is
struggling with new
wounded before the war Sami sua aged
four and his sister CA who's
seven here they are now in Nasser
Hospital ca's legs are
paralyzed Samy has severe abdominal
injuries the situation has been very
difficult for me with one child in
intensive care and the other
outside I asked an ally of Israel's
prime minister to respond to
International concern about the plight
of wounded children in Gaza priority for
me priority for me in parallel to my
Unitarian Aid that I allow is to bring
back my hostages including a baby the
Jewish bbas children four-year-old Ariel
one-year-old cfir were taken hostage
with their parents by Hamas there are
conflicting reports about whether
they've survived you never ask us I mean
how does Israel feel how does Israel
live with the fact that two of little
boys we don't even know where they are
it's always about the kids on the other
side so I'll tell you something if you
really care about the kids on the other
side make sure that Israel win the war
and and Hamas does not reign in Gaza
at Nasser Hospital Iman Al kawaji leaves
the Mory bearing the shrouded child to
his
grave before Night comes on to cover the
grieving and the dead fergal Keen BBC
News Jerusalem